the corsair carbide air 540 high airflow
cube case is great for air cooling or
liquid cooling check the link in the
video description to learn more now i've
recommended this mouse any number of
times this is the original razer naga it
has 12 MMO buttons on the side the only
criticism of which would be that they're
kind of mushy and kind of hard to
distinguish from each other it included
little pads that you could put on them
but i personally never even ended up
applying them I didn't find they were
that helpful and includes an ergonomic
shape that I personally really really
liked it also tracks like a dream and
I'm done gushing about the Naga because
there's the Naga razors really got to
figure out their product naming scheme
here because it can between this one and
the Death Adder 2013 in Black Widow 2013
and the Death Adder was like how do you
make you know how do you improve on
perfection you don't change anything but
then it did change things and then there
was no reference to it being a 2013
edition anywhere on the blocks except
for like one little like spot somewhere
and so this is called the Razer Naga not
to be confused with the Razer Naga
they're taking the same approach it said
it's funny it makes perfect sense
because as a company that's all about
you know gamers and gaming they've taken
a page right out of game developers
handbooks OH
what should we call the new Tomb Raider
let's call it Tomb Raider so anyway
there you go that's my rant about that
what has razer improved about the
all-new Naga well they've done a couple
of things that I think are a very big
deal number one is they have changed
these buttons on the side to be
mechanical buttons so I want you guys to
really hear the difference here I'm
going to hold it up to my lav mic
original Naga very mushy very membrane
II new Naga very clicky very tactile
really really like that
they have also updated the ergonomics so
gone are the two buttons right here
which I never really liked anyway I had
I rarely find myself in a situation
where this is a comfortable movement for
me those were the two buttons that I
really
had trouble reaching and they have
instead put two buttons here
these can be actuated with the middle
finger which if you use a three fingers
like this sort of orientation then at
least there's that you can kind of reach
I personally have trouble at this one I
don't have very flexible hands but at
least now I can reach one of them
comfortably they've also added a tilt
click scroll wheel so this and this are
additional function so it now has a
total of 19 buttons twelve on the side
two on the top well one two three four
on the top and then an additional two
here giving you like I said well plus a
middle click so that is a total of
nineteen buttons they have implemented
their low friction of quiet pads on the
bottom which i think is kind of unique
they have also updated the sensor so it
now uses an 8200 dpi 4g laser sensor and
check this out here we go here we go
there we go there's the naming scheme
this is the Razer Naga 2014 so they've
gone with the car approach now where you
actually buy next year's model in the
previous calendar year and of that is
the way it works which isn't to take
anything away from the mouse itself one
thing that's improved on the top is well
that they didn't have in their kit but I
can already feel is the grip enos of
this top surface here instead of having
a soft touch feel it has a very mild
lightly textured feel that I find quite
appealing and makes it less likely to
slip they've also updated the color
scheme whereas the old Naga was blue the
new Naga is aligned with the latest
Razer branding which is green so there
you go all of the buttons on the side
are illuminated the Razer logo is
breathing by default although you can
reconfigure that in synapse and the
mouse wheel itself looks absolutely
outstanding in green something else that
they've done with these side buttons is
they've changed the shape of them
significantly so you can see the way
that the older ones work you were
expected to find the difference in them
simply by feeling these bumps right here
but other than that they're configured
very similarly now they have changed
them significantly so some of them are
arced this way some of them are arced
this way the middle Bank okay so you can
I want you to see this from the side
maybe we'll do some macro footage here
but they're all angled really
differently
in such a way that you can really feel
whether you're on pads 1 to 6 or pad 7
to 12 and then from there these ones the
middle ones have ridges on them that you
can really you can really feel they're
kind of sharp along this edge this edge
this edge and this edge allowing you to
more easily figure out what button
you're actually touching is it
necessarily perfect the answer is
probably no but I think it's difficult
to put 12 buttons on the side of a mouse
such that you're expecting anyone to be
able to find them all in the heat of
battle without any practice but once you
have practiced I've heard people say
even about the original Nagas that it's
not that difficult now in terms of
updated ergonomics you can see the mice
look quite different the one complaint I
heard about the original Nagas quite
often was its really small which is
great for me because my hands are small
but there wasn't much room to rest your
pinky and your ring finger on it that
has been changed the Nagas 2014 has a
much expanded pinky and ring finger rest
and what I really like about the pinky
here was there was nowhere to really
rest it on the original Naga it was a
glossy smooth surface they've added a
rubber grippy serviced surface just like
the Death Adder 2013 with the rubber
grips on the side I think they're a huge
improvement and I love it I don't
necessarily need to put my pinky down on
something but having a rubber grip is
much more comfortable to me than trying
to squeeze the mouse to have it to have
my pinky stick to it particularly when
you consider that on the other side of
the mouse are a bunch of buttons so if
I'm squeezing too hard here I'm going to
accidentally press them
speaking of which side of the mouse okay
they didn't send me one so I'm having
you look at the mouse but it's totally
pointless razer has a left-handed
version of now both of their most
popular gaming mice the Death Adder as
well as the Naga so that was a
crowdsourced initiative kind of thing
that razer did and i can tell you from a
business perspective it makes no sense
to go through the molding and tooling
that is involved in releasing a
left-handed Mouse when you consider how
few of them sell remember I worked at a
retailer before I know how many of them
sell isn't very many but for you
southpaw guys out there
there you go razer was listening and
they wanted to bring you a left-handed
mouse so kudos to you I think that makes
it the only left-handed MMO Mouse I
don't believe any of them are
and be dexterous because of the way that
you have to lay out MMO buttons for them
to be mostly accessible using the thumb
which is the most the most flexible of
the fingers that you're probably using
for it software wise they've made some
more improvements here as well so
there's an animal configurator that
actually overlays on the screen so you
can use it to respec in the middle of a
game without actually even all tabbing
out and this one for me personally is
actually cooler because I tend not to
change around characters too much I play
mostly single-player RPGs when I am
playing an RPG such as Dragon Age or
torchlight 2 and this is really neat so
they take this grid of 12 and then they
actually give you a screen overlay that
you can set up different icons so you
can see visually on the screen is an
overlay what each of these is mapped to
I think that's absolutely outstanding
because a big problem for me with 12
buttons particularly when you're going
from game to games what the devil did I
have button seven bound to camera if you
can't remember no big deal taking care
of that with a screen overlay and I
think that pretty much does it I liked
the Naga hex with its six mechanical
buttons and it felt like an improvement
over the original Naga with 12 buttons
well now they've taken those mechanical
buttons and between the Naga hex and the
Naga 2014 edition you should have
something that you'll pretty much like
the wider shape addresses the issue I
think for people with larger hands
although if you have baseball glove
sized hands it might still not be the
perfect Mouse for you but they've
definitely improved the appeal and there
you go
what can you improve about something
that's already awesome make it just a
little bit more awesome thank you for
checking out my unboxing and overview of
the Razer Naga 2014 don't forget to
subscribe don't forget to like this
video if you enjoyed it and let me know
what you think I mean just even looking
at it you know seeing some of the some
of the close-ups of my hand on it has
razer improved the Naga by making it a
bit of a wider stance more compatible
with larger hands Mouse and adding the
mechanical buttons or would you prefer
to grab an original Naga now so you
don't have to stop using it in the
future thanks guys